Our company, GreenTech Inc., is committed to supporting our employees during significant life events, including the birth or adoption of a child. As part of this commitment, we offer a comprehensive parental leave policy that provides eligible employees with paid time off to care for their newborn or newly adopted child. This policy applies to all regular full-time and part-time employees who have been employed by GreenTech Inc. for at least 12 months prior to the start of their leave. The leave is available to both mothers and fathers, as well as adoptive parents, and can be taken within the first year of the child's birth or adoption. Our parental leave policy is designed to provide employees with the time and support they need to care for their new child, while also ensuring that our business operations continue to run smoothly. To be eligible for parental leave, employees must have completed at least 1,040 hours of service in the 12-month period preceding the start of their leave. Employees who are expecting a child or are in the process of adopting a child should notify their supervisor or HR representative at least 30 days prior to the expected start of their leave. The company will then provide the employee with information about their leave options and the procedures for applying for leave. The parental leave policy provides eligible employees with up to 12 weeks of paid leave at 100% of their regular pay. This leave can be taken all at once or can be split into two separate periods of leave, as long as the total amount of leave taken does not exceed 12 weeks. For example, an employee could take 6 weeks of leave immediately after the birth of their child and then take an additional 6 weeks of leave several months later. The company also offers a flexible work arrangement policy that allows employees to adjust their work schedule to balance their work and family responsibilities. This policy includes options such as telecommuting, flexible hours, and job sharing. Employees who are on parental leave are also eligible to participate in this policy, which can help them transition back to work after their leave. In addition to our parental leave policy, GreenTech Inc. also offers a range of other benefits to support employees with families, including a dependent care flexible spending account and a employee assistance program. The dependent care flexible spending account allows employees to set aside pre-tax dollars to pay for childcare or other dependent care expenses, while the employee assistance program provides employees with access to counseling and other resources to help them manage the challenges of work and family life. Our company's parental leave policy is designed to be flexible and supportive, and we encourage all eligible employees to take advantage of this benefit. We believe that supporting our employees during significant life events is essential to building a positive and productive work environment, and we are committed to continuing to provide this important benefit to our employees. As of January 1, 2022, our company has updated its parental leave policy to include an additional 2 weeks of paid leave for employees who are primary caregivers. This change is intended to provide additional support to employees who are taking on significant caregiving responsibilities, and to help them balance their work and family responsibilities. The updated policy also includes a new provision that allows employees to take their parental leave in increments of as little as one day, rather than having to take the leave all at once. This change is intended to provide employees with more flexibility and control over their leave, and to help them manage their work and family responsibilities more effectively. In the past year, we have had several employees take advantage of our parental leave policy, including John Smith, who took 12 weeks of leave after the birth of his daughter, and Jane Doe, who took 6 weeks of leave after the adoption of her son. Both John and Jane reported that the leave was extremely helpful in allowing them to care for their new child and adjust to their new responsibilities. We are proud to offer this important benefit to our employees, and we believe that it has helped to create a more supportive and family-friendly work environment. According to our HR data, as of December 2022, a total of 25 employees have taken parental leave, with an average leave duration of 10 weeks. The majority of these employees, 18 out of 25, were female, while 7 were male. The average age of employees taking parental leave was 32 years old, and the average salary was $65,000 per year. We are committed to continuing to monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of our parental leave policy, and to making any necessary changes to ensure that it remains supportive and effective for our employees. We believe that our parental leave policy is an important part of our overall benefits package, and we are committed to continuing to provide this benefit to our employees in the future. As part of our ongoing efforts to support our employees, we will be conducting a review of our parental leave policy in the coming year to identify areas for improvement and to ensure that the policy remains aligned with our company's values and goals. This review will include feedback from employees who have taken parental leave, as well as input from our HR team and other stakeholders. We are committed to creating a positive and supportive work environment, and we believe that our parental leave policy is an important part of this effort. In terms of the financial impact of our parental leave policy, we have estimated that the total cost of the policy for the past year was approximately $250,000. This cost includes the cost of paying employees' salaries while they are on leave, as well as any additional costs associated with hiring temporary employees to cover the work of employees who are on leave. We believe that this cost is a worthwhile investment in our employees and in our company's future, and we are committed to continuing to provide this benefit to our employees. We also believe that our parental leave policy has had a positive impact on our company's culture and productivity, and we are committed to continuing to monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of the policy in the coming year. As we look to the future, we are excited to continue to support our employees and to create a positive and supportive work environment. We believe that our parental leave policy is an important part of this effort, and we are committed to continuing to provide this benefit to our employees.