This End User License Agreement (the 'Agreement') is entered into on February 10, 2023, by and between NovaTech Inc., a Delaware corporation with its principal place of business at 123 Main Street, Anytown, CA 12345 ('NovaTech' or 'Licensor'), and the end user ('You' or 'Licensee') who downloads, installs, or uses the software product known as 'NovaOffice' (the 'Software'). The Software is a comprehensive office suite that includes word processing, spreadsheet, and presentation software, and is designed to operate on computers running Windows 10 or macOS 12. By downloading, installing, or using the Software, You acknowledge that You have read, understand, and agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement. If You do not agree to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, You must not download, install, or use the Software. The Software is protected by United States copyright law and international treaties, and is owned by NovaTech. The Software is licensed, not sold, to You for use solely in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. NovaTech reserves all rights not expressly granted to You in this Agreement. You may not use the Software in any manner that is not expressly authorized by this Agreement. On January 1, 2022, NovaTech released version 3.2 of the Software, which includes significant enhancements to the user interface and performance. You may use the Software on up to five (5) computers, provided that each computer is owned or controlled by You. You may not transfer or assign Your license to use the Software to any third party without the prior written consent of NovaTech. Any such transfer or assignment without the prior written consent of NovaTech will be void and of no effect. NovaTech may, at its discretion, provide You with support and maintenance services for the Software, including bug fixes, updates, and upgrades. You may contact NovaTech's support team by email at support@novatech.com or by phone at (555) 123-4567. The support team is available to assist You Monday through Friday, 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Pacific Time. As of the date of this Agreement, the annual subscription fee for the Software is $99.95, which includes all software updates and support services. The subscription fee is payable in advance and is non-refundable. You may terminate this Agreement at any time by destroying all copies of the Software in Your possession or control and ceasing all use of the Software. NovaTech may terminate this Agreement if You breach any term or condition of this Agreement. Upon termination of this Agreement, You must destroy all copies of the Software in Your possession or control and cease all use of the Software. The Software is provided 'as is' and 'as available,' without warranty of any kind, express or implied. NovaTech disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. In no event will NovaTech be liable to You or any third party for any damages, including but not limited to incidental, consequential, punitive, or special damages, arising out of or related to this Agreement or the Software, whether based on warranty, contract, tort, or any other theory of liability. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to You. The limitations and exclusions of liability in this Agreement are intended to apply to the fullest extent permitted by law. This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law. Any action or proceeding arising out of or related to this Agreement must be brought in the state or federal courts located in San Francisco, California, and You consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of such courts. The parties agree that the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods will not apply to this Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements or understandings, whether written or oral. This Agreement may not be amended or modified except in a writing signed by both parties. You may contact NovaTech at the address above or by email at info@novatech.com if You have any questions or concerns about this Agreement or the Software. On October 15, 2022, NovaTech updated its privacy policy to include new provisions related to the collection and use of personal data. You can view the updated privacy policy on NovaTech's website at www.novatech.com/privacy. NovaTech's CEO, Jane Smith, stated that the company is committed to protecting the privacy and security of its customers' data. As of the date of this Agreement, NovaTech has over 10,000 customers worldwide, including major corporations and government agencies. The Software has been certified by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) as compliant with the ISO 27001 standard for information security management. You may use the Software to process and store sensitive information, including personal data and confidential business information. However, You are solely responsible for the security and integrity of any data that You process or store using the Software. You must comply with all applicable laws and regulations related to the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data, including the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). NovaTech will not be liable for any damages or losses arising out of or related to Your use of the Software to process or store sensitive information. The term of this Agreement will commence on the date that You download, install, or use the Software and will continue until terminated in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. The initial term of this Agreement is one (1) year, and will automatically renew for successive one (1) year periods unless You provide written notice of termination to NovaTech at least thirty (30) days prior to the end of the then-current term. You may terminate this Agreement at any time by providing written notice to NovaTech. Upon termination of this Agreement, You must destroy all copies of the Software in Your possession or control and cease all use of the Software. NovaTech may terminate this Agreement if You breach any term or condition of this Agreement. You may not assign or transfer Your rights or obligations under this Agreement to any third party without the prior written consent of NovaTech. Any such assignment or transfer without the prior written consent of NovaTech will be void and of no effect. The parties agree that this Agreement is not intended to create any rights or benefits for any third party. You may contact NovaTech's customer support team by email at support@novatech.com or by phone at (555) 123-4567 if You have any questions or concerns about this Agreement or the Software. NovaTech's customer support team is available to assist You Monday through Friday, 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Pacific Time. As of the date of this Agreement, NovaTech has a customer satisfaction rating of 95%, based on surveys of its customers. You may view the results of these surveys on NovaTech's website at www.novatech.com/customers. NovaTech is committed to providing high-quality products and services to its customers, and values Your feedback and suggestions on how to improve the Software and its services. You may provide feedback and suggestions to NovaTech by email at feedback@novatech.com. NovaTech will review and consider all feedback and suggestions received from its customers, but is not obligated to implement any such feedback or suggestions. The Software is subject to the export control laws and regulations of the United States and other countries. You may not export or re-export the Software in contravention of such laws and regulations. You must comply with all applicable export control laws and regulations, including the Export Administration Regulations (EAR) and the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR). You may not use the Software for any purpose that is prohibited by law, including the development or production of nuclear, chemical, or biological weapons. NovaTech will not be liable for any damages or losses arising out of or related to Your use of the Software in violation of applicable export control laws and regulations. The Software includes certain third-party software components, including open-source software. A list of these third-party software components is available on NovaTech's website at www.novatech.com/third-party-components. You may use these third-party software components solely in conjunction with the Software and in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. You may not use these third-party software components for any other purpose, including the development or distribution of other software products. NovaTech is not responsible for the maintenance or support of these third-party software components, and will not provide any warranties or guarantees with respect to these components. The Software is designed to operate on computers with a minimum of 4 GB of RAM and a 2.4 GHz processor. You may use the Software on computers with lower specifications, but the performance and functionality of the Software may be impaired. NovaTech recommends that You use the Software on computers that meet or exceed the minimum system requirements. You may contact NovaTech's sales team by email at sales@novatech.com or by phone at (555) 123-4567 to purchase additional licenses or to upgrade Your existing license. NovaTech's sales team is available to assist You Monday through Friday, 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Pacific Time. As of the date of this Agreement, the price for an additional license is $99.95, which includes all software updates and support services for a period of one (1) year. You may pay for the Software by credit card, check, or bank transfer. NovaTech accepts all major credit cards, including Visa, Mastercard, and American Express. You may also pay by check or bank transfer, but these payment methods may require additional processing time. NovaTech will provide You with an invoice for the Software, which will include the license fee and any applicable taxes or fees. You must pay the invoice in full within thirty (30) days of receipt. If You fail to pay the invoice in full within thirty (30) days, NovaTech may suspend or terminate Your license to use the Software. You may dispute any charges or fees on Your invoice by contacting NovaTech's customer support team by email at support@novatech.com or by phone at (555) 123-4567. NovaTech will review and respond to all disputes in a timely and reasonable manner. The Software is subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and You must comply with all applicable laws and regulations when using the Software. You may not use the Software for any purpose that is prohibited by law, including the development or production of nuclear, chemical, or biological weapons. NovaTech will not be liable for any damages or losses arising out of or related to Your use of the Software in violation of applicable laws and regulations. By using the Software, You acknowledge that You have read, understand, and agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement. If You do not agree to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, You must not download, install, or use the Software. You may contact NovaTech at the address above or by email at info@novatech.com if You have any questions or concerns about this Agreement or the Software. On June 1, 2022, NovaTech released a new version of the Software that includes significant enhancements to the user interface and performance. You may view the release notes for this new version on NovaTech's website at www.novatech.com/release-notes. NovaTech's customer support team is available to assist You with any questions or concerns You may have about the new version of the Software. You may contact the customer support team by email at support@novatech.com or by phone at (555) 123-4567. The customer support team is available to assist You Monday through Friday, 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Pacific Time. NovaTech is committed to providing high-quality products and services to its customers, and values Your feedback and suggestions on how to improve the Software and its services. You may provide feedback and suggestions to NovaTech by email at feedback@novatech.com. NovaTech will review and consider all feedback and suggestions received from its customers, but is not obligated to implement any such feedback or suggestions. The Software is designed to operate on computers running Windows 10 or macOS 12, and is compatible with a wide range of hardware and software configurations. You may use the Software on computers with different specifications, but the performance and functionality of the Software may be impaired. NovaTech recommends that You use the Software on computers that meet or exceed the minimum system requirements. You may contact NovaTech's sales team by email at sales@novatech.com or by phone at (555) 123-4567 to purchase additional licenses or to upgrade Your existing license. NovaTech's sales team is available to assist You Monday through Friday, 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Pacific Time. As of the date of this Agreement, the price for an additional license is $99.95, which includes all software updates and support services for a period of one (1) year. You may pay for the Software by credit card, check, or bank transfer. NovaTech accepts all major credit cards, including Visa, Mastercard, and American Express. You may also pay by check or bank transfer, but these payment methods may require additional processing time. NovaTech will provide You with an invoice for the Software, which will include the license fee and any applicable taxes or fees. You must pay the invoice in full within thirty (30) days of receipt. If You fail to pay the invoice in full within thirty (30) days, NovaTech may suspend or terminate Your license to use the Software. You may dispute any charges or fees on Your invoice by contacting NovaTech's customer support team by email at support@novatech.com or by phone at (555) 123-4567. NovaTech will review and respond to all disputes in a timely and reasonable manner. By using the Software, You acknowledge that You have read, understand, and agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement. If You do not agree to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, You must not download, install, or use the Software. You may contact NovaTech at the address above or by email at info@novatech.com if You have any questions or concerns about this Agreement or the Software. The Software is protected by United States copyright law and international treaties, and is owned by NovaTech. You may not use the Software for any purpose that is prohibited by law, including the development or production of nuclear, chemical, or biological weapons. NovaTech will not be liable for any damages or losses arising out of or related to Your use of the Software in violation of applicable laws and regulations.